right next to me i got the samsung nc10
and i'm going to tell you all about this
ultra cool netbook don't go anywhere you
are looking at the samsung nc10 netbook
and you know i went online to check out
reviews for this netbook and they were
all very good i would say 4.8 out of 5
was the lowest okay so it doesn't
surprise me though Samsung makes great
quality products and this in that book
is without exception another one of them
to add to the list alright so this
netbook it runs on the 1.6 a gigahertz
intel atom processor and 270 you have
one gig of ddr2 ram 160 gig hard drive
at 5400 RPM comes equipped with windows
XP home 802 11 b and g + bluetooth to
point so you can pair this in that book
with your smart phone or any other
bluetooth device and share pictures and
files and music and whatever else you
want to share also you are looking at
the 10.2 inch LCD screen and this has a
1024 x 600 resolution now this this step
book right here comes with a six cell
battery and going by netbook standards
it's going to last you between five and
six hours of battery life not having to
be plugged in so let's say going on a
trip just make sure you're fully charged
and this netbook should last you through
most flights unless you're flying
somewhere really far like I don't know
Italy year Indonesia or I don't know
somewhere far all right this netbook
also comes equipped with intel
integrated graphics and 45 GSE you have
a three-in-one card reader for all your
SD or SDHC and your MMC cards and the
whole thing this entire netbook ways
then hold on let me let me let me let me
think here ah ok about 2.8 pounds i
think that's about right so it's not
going to give you any cramps while
you're traveling out and about with this
netbook alright so let's take a tour so
you can see more of what this samsung
has to offer starting up top here in
this shiny blue bezel you have your 1.3
megapixel webcam can't go wrong with a
built-in webcam great for skyping or
video chatting moving down along you'll
see you have a 10.2 inch LCD screen with
a 1024 x 600 resolution and then you
have your nice size keyboard right here
so much better than typing on your
smartphone you can actually nail out
some papers even a PowerPoint
presentation or two with this nice
keyboard all right moving down below you
have your touchpad with your scrolling
bar on the other side and you have a
want to click mouse here it's just one
click let's go on to the other side and
you'll see you have your headset and
your mic jacks you have one USB 2.0 port
right here your VGA your Kensington lock
and built-in right here to this panel
your power button let's go on over to
the other side you'll see you have two
more USB 2.0 ports so that's three total
they got your Ethernet port right here
and last but not least your power so
then moving along to the front you'll
see you have all of your status
indicators right here and let's not
forget about your nifty 50 card reader
right in this slot and this is a
three-on-one card reader SD sdhc n MMC
cards so all in all this is a fantastic
netbook and naps are great if you're
always on the go and you find yourself
you know at your favorite cafe always
wanting to check emails and check sports
scores and keep up with the news so go
online see for yourself the reviews are
fantastic for more information on the
samsung nc10 netbook just visit any of
these major retailers and type in s203
10001 into the search box for computertv
i'm sam